---
layout: single-post-layout
title:  We've Got Big News!
date:   2015-10-26 04:03:26
category: "Knowledge Management"

feature_post: false
width: 'half'

image_thumb: ''
feature_post: false
width: "half"

image_thumb: ""
image_thumb_alt: ""

image: ""
image_alt: ""

image: ''
image_alt: ""

short_description: "Edify is thrilled to announce that our founder, Kristen Gallagher, will be joining one of our former clients as a full time member. Today, she will join Elemental Technologies (recently acquired by Amazon Web Services) as their Internal Learning Manager. It is anticipated that for the time being, this will be her full time work and that as the learning program matures, she will restart work with Edify."
---

Edify is thrilled to announce that our founder, Kristen Gallagher, will be joining one of our former clients as a full time member. Today, she will join Elemental Technologies (recently acquired by Amazon Web Services) as their Internal Learning Manager. It is anticipated that for the time being, this will be her full time work and that as the learning program matures, she will restart work with Edify.

You might be wondering about this big news, and where it came from. Edify has worked with Elemental since April 2015 providing learning design and knowledge management services, and as our work progressed, it became clear that the best way to deliver those services is as a full time team member. There is exciting, challenging work ahead that will bring only the best network, experience, and knowledge to Edify in the future. Kristen is focused on building a world-class learning culture and will remain with the company as long as is needed to do so. This means that Edify is being placed on a indefinite hiatus. Kristen's commitment to her former clients, future clients, and current relationships has not changed, and she is certainly able to support from afar. However, Edify will not be taking on work or clients for the duration of Kristen's work with Elemental.

You can expect educational, supportive posts monthly in the blog and in Edify's regular newsletter! Additionally, you'll likely still see Kristen around in Portland giving talks and workshops (perhaps even nationally!)

More from Kristen:

I am excited and honored to be joining Elemental, and I believe that our work together will strengthen both the company, employees, and structure at the organization. In addition, it will also support my professional growth strongly. As an Elemental Technologies employee, I'll be focusing on making our internal customers excessively happy in a fresh and innovative way that breaks the HR mold. Some things I'll be working on include:

* Heading up superb and scalable employee onboarding
* Building a comprehensive employee training program, to include management and technical training
* Expanding and elevating employee growth and development
* Advising internal customers (within the HR team and larger organization) on learning approach and technique

Again, I'm delighted to have been asked to join the Elemental team, and I look forward to our work together, starting today!

If you have questions about Edify, or this announcement, please reach out to Kristen via email at kristen@edifyedu.com.
